Once in a town called Doodle-Dee-Doo,
Lived a chap named Zippity-Zoo.
Zippity was clever, and Zippity was kind,
But Zippity had quite a strange sort of mind.

He lived in a house all twisty and tall,
With windows too tiny and doors way too small.
He had a great knack for inventing things bright,
Like machines that made rainbows and lanterns of light.

But Zippity Zoo had a big, BIG dream,
To invent something grand, the most marvelous scheme!
He wanted to build the Zippity-Whizzer,
A contraption that turned rain into fizzer.

What is a fizzer? Oh, you wouldn’t know.
It’s bubbly, it’s sparkly, and oh how it glows!
It tastes like the sun mixed with glitter and fizz,
And just one little sip would make you go, “Whee-whizz!”

But there was a problem, and a big one at that:
Zippity Zoo’s house had no space for his hat!
It was tiny and squished, and filled with old junk—
There were springs in the sink and gears in his bunk.

“I need more room! Yes, that’s what I’ll do!
I’ll make space for my grand Zippity-Zoo-Whizzer too!”
He wobbled and bobbled and scratched at his chin,
Then ran to his tools with a wide, toothy grin.

He grabbed a great hammer with a handle so bright,
It shimmered and glimmered like stars in the night.
He started to hammer, to saw, and to screw,
But oh! What a mess Zippity could brew!

For Zippity Zoo wasn’t careful or neat—
He knocked over tables and tripped on his feet.
He glued his own shoe to the floor by mistake,
Then stepped in a puddle of bright lemon cake!

“Oh dear, oh dear,” Zippity cried with a pout,
“I must figure this out before the day’s out!”
But just when he thought all his plans were kaput,
He heard a great sound: “Honk, honk! Thud, thud!”

It was Gertrude McSnail from across Doodle Lane,
Driving her scooter with gusto and gain.
She peeked through the door, with a smile and a wave,
“Zippity Zoo, what on Earth did you pave?”

Zippity groaned, with his tools in a heap,
“My house is too small, not enough room to keep!
I’ve got a big plan, the best one by far,
But my house is just shaped like a squished pickle jar!”

Gertrude McSnail, with a glint in her eye,
Said, “Zippity Zoo, why not think up high?
If your house is too small, too short, too tight,
Just build it up tall, up tall out of sight!”

Zippity gasped, then wiggled his toes,
“I can build up, of course, that’s how it goes!
I’ll stack and I’ll pile, I’ll make it real high,
I’ll build the best house that kisses the sky!”

So off they both went, Gertrude and Zoo,
Building a tower of sparkly blue.
They stacked up old teacups, tall as could be,
And balanced small chairs on top of a tree.

They built and they built until it was tall,
The Zippity-Tower, no space was too small.
Each floor had a gadget, a gizmo, a gear,
With space for the Whizzer, and space for good cheer!

Zippity Zoo worked day after day,
Till finally, he cried, “Hooray, hooray!”
The Zippity-Whizzer was finished at last,
A shimmering wonder both shiny and vast.

With a pull of the lever, the Whizzer did spin,
And out popped a Fizzer with bubbles within!
It sparkled, it glowed, it flew through the air,
And all of Doodle-Dee-Doo cried out, “What a flair!”

But just as the town cheered and danced with delight,
The Zippity-Tower leaned slightly to the right.
It wobbled, it bobbled, it swayed in the breeze,
It shook like a ship caught on stormy seas.

“Oh no!” cried out Zippity, eyes wide with fright,
“My tower is leaning, that can’t be right!”
But Gertrude McSnail, with a laugh and a clap,
Said, “Sometimes things don’t go just as we map.

“But lean doesn’t mean that it won’t still stand tall.
Sometimes being wobbly is no flaw at all!
Just give it some balance, a steady new part,
And soon it’ll stand strong, right from the start.”

Zippity thought, and then gave a small grin,
“I’ll make it much better, let the fixing begin!”
He bolted and beamed, he tightened the sides,
With Gertrude’s smart help and a few clever guides.

At last, the Zippity-Tower stood straight and strong,
And the Zippity-Whizzer buzzed happy along.
The Fizzers they flowed, all sparkly and bright,
Lighting up Doodle-Dee-Doo every night.

And Zippity Zoo, with a proud happy cheer,
Knew that his Whizzer was just the premiere!
But more than his gadget, more than his climb,
Zippity knew that friends make things prime.

So if ever you visit Doodle-Dee-Doo,
Look up at the tower of Zippity Zoo!
You’ll see Fizzers and friends, and bubbles galore,
And a house that’s much more than it was before.

The end’s not quite here, for as Zippity knew,
With friendship and dreams, there’s always more to do!